[Music]
14 logical puzzles that everyone should
be able to solve today we would like to
share several riddles with you to train
your brain and check your ability to
cope with stress maybe you'll never have
to answer them in real life but who
knows don't forget to share this video
with your friends are they able to
figure out the answers puzzle number 14
a man lives on the 17th floor
he only rides the elevator to his own
floor when it's raining outside or when
one of his neighbor's rides it with him
if the weather is sunny or he's alone in
the elevator
he only rides as far as the ninth floor
and goes the rest of the way up the
stairs why
[Music]
the answer is clear this man is very
short he can only reach button 17 in the
elevator with an umbrella or with the
help of a neighbor puzzle number 13 if
it is raining at 12 a.m. could you
expect sunny weather in 72 hours
[Music]
curious to know the answer no you can't
expect sunny weather because it will be
night again in 72 hours and there can be
no Sun in the sky puzzle number 12
several people were asked to jump over a
pencil that was placed on the floor but
none of them can do it why
[Music]
here is the answer the pencil was placed
next to a wall puzzle number 11 how
should you throw a tennis ball for it to
fly back to you
[Music]
have you figured out the answer it's
easy throw a tennis ball upwards puzzle
number 10 you see a girl sitting but you
can't sit in her place
even if she stands up and leaves where
is she sitting she is sitting on your
lap puzzle number 9
a man was tossing and turning in bed and
couldn't fall asleep then he took his
phone dialed a number listened to a few
long tones put down the phone and
finally went to sleep why wasn't he able
to do that before
[Music]
here's the answer his next door neighbor
was snoring loudly but awoke to the ring
of this phone puzzle number eight a
hotel has seven floors there are four
people on the ground floor and each
floor has two more people on it than the
previous one which floor calls the
elevator most often
[Music]
do you have any idea yet the ground
floor puzzle number seven in Africa Nike
has encountered a problem a lot of their
sneakers were stolen from the factory
what did the company do to prevent theft
without spending money on security nike
built another factory and then began
manufacturing left and right sneakers
separately puzzle number six now try to
figure this one out
when do we look at the number two but
say ten the answer is obvious when we
look at an analog watch puzzle number
five George Washington Sherlock Holmes
William Shakespeare Ludwig von Beethoven
Napoleon Bonaparte and Nero who is
significantly different from all the
rest
[Music]
of course it's Sherlock Holmes because
he is the only fictional character
puzzle number four little patience of a
Children's Hospital loved to play with
adorable teddy bears that the
administration gave them these kids like
the toys so much that they often took
them home how did the hospital
administration resolve this issue the
solution was really thoughtful all the
bears were bandaged and the kids were
told that the toys should stay at the
hospital to get better puzzle number
three at the dawn of cinema one American
movie theaters profits began to go south
the viewers were annoyed with the ladies
who didn't take off their hats in the
auditorium blocking the view of the
screen what was the cheap and effective
solution by the theater administration
here's the answer they posted a notice
on the door of the theater saying we
kindly request that all ladies take off
their hats during the movie this does
not apply to old ladies puzzle number
two there are two books on the same
shelf in a scientist cabinet one book
has 230 pages the other one has 325
pages how many pages are there between
the first page of the first book and the
last page of the second book any idea
there are only the covers of the two
books between these pages and finally
puzzle number one the last one is easy
look carefully at this picture who will
be knocked off
[Music]
here's the answer d will be hit on the
head by the rolling ball C will be
smashed by the spikes when that same
ball rolls onto the swing and B will be
hit in turn by the counterweight ball
thrown up and forward by the swing so
were you able to solve them all tell us
in the comments down below thanks for
watching and don't forget to hit that
thumbs up button if you're visiting our
channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life